Slew of minor doc fixes (#20860)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/tutorials/CCL.rst

1. Download the `tutorial_data <https://visit-dav.github.io/largedata/datarchives/visit_tutorial>`_ and extract the example files.
2. Start VisIt_ and click the *Open* icon to bring up the File open window.

> 3. Navigate your filesystem to the folder containing "example.silo".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Navigate your file system to the folder containing "example.silo".
```
